# capacity-provider

This sub-module creates:

1. ECS Capacity Providers with `auto_scaling_group_provider` configuration (optionally with `managed_scaling`), and
2. ECS Cluster Capacity Providers using the created ECS Capacity Providers, and with `default_capacity_provider_strategy` configuration.

## Presets

### ECS Capacity Provider

- The `managed_termination_protection` is disabled by default as recommended (which enables termination protection to container instances), and can be enabled if required. (Note: Enabling this option requires the `protect_from_scale_in` to be enabled on the Autoscaling group.)

### ECS Cluster Capacity Providers

- The `default_auto_scaling_group_arn` is a required attribute, and is used as the default Autoscaling group ARN under `auto_scaling_group_provider` configuration under each ECS Capacity Provider. The `auto_scaling_group_arn` can be overridden for individual ECS Capacity Provider if required.
- The `weight` under `default_capacity_provider_strategy` configuration is set to `1` as the default option (i.e., equal distribution of tasks in each ECS Capacity Provider), and can be overridden.
- The `base` under `default_capacity_provider_strategy` configuration is set to `0` as the default option (i.e., min. number of tasks running in each ECS Capacity Provider), and can be overridden.

## Notes

- ECS Cluster Capacity Providers utilizes all the ECS Capacity Providers that were created through the sub-module as the desired behaviour, and cannot be overridden.
